(LOOΠΔ TV with the full group, it's been a while!)
(A girl with a bobbed hair who is standing beside HeeJin is HaSeul, as you know!)
HaSeul: Hello, I'm HaSeul and I cut my hair in a bob-type style!
HaSeul: Unexpectedly, people told me that this hair style is very suitable for me
HaSeul: But ViVi told me not to laugh like a fool, under this hairstyle
HaSeul: So I'm trying to act in a chic way!
(As soon as she said it, she's showing her smile in a cute way!)
HaSeul: I mean, ViVi told me that I have to act in a chic way like the atmosphere of Iceland~
Kim Lip: HaSeul!
HaSeul: I'm in the middle of eating!
Kim Lip: Girls with Bob-type hair! It's called Bob hairs~
HaSeul: Oh, you also has a bob haircut?
Kim Lip: Yes, bob hairs
HaSeul: I didn't know~
(There's another member whose hair changed dramatically like HaSeul!)
Choerry: Look, I dyed my hair purple~
Choerry: My hair was brown, actually
Choerry: But this time, I changed it drastically into purple~
Choerry: I'm really want to see how it will show on the monitor!
Choerry: Then, see you in a few minutes~